add chart migration (#12)
DevExpress-Examples/StyleMigration: readme.md

```

[Return to the table of contents.](#thetableofcontents)

### DxChart

#### Change the Chart Height

In v23.2, use the following CSS rule:

```css
.my-chart .dx-chart {
    min-height: 500px;
}
```

In v24.1, use the following CSS rule:

```css
.my-chart .dxbl-chart {
    min-height: 500px;
}
```

> Or specify the component's [Height](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.Base.GaugeBase.RedrawOnResize) property:

Author: ```suggestion
Or specify the component's [Height](https://docs.devexpress.com/Blazor/DevExpress.Blazor.DxChartBase.Height) property:
```
